feat: inject kube context as STS session tags (#6311)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/provider/aws-access.md

### Simple Policy

```yaml
apiVersion: external-secrets.io/v1
kind: SecretStore
metadata:
  name: team-b-store
  namespace: team-b
spec:
  provider:
    aws:
      service: SecretsManager
      region: eu-central-1
      role: team-b
      sessionTagsPolicy: Simple
```

Session tags will include `esoNamespace=team-b`, `esoStoreName=team-b-store`, and `esoStoreKind=SecretStore`.

### Custom Policy

```yaml
apiVersion: external-secrets.io/v1
kind: SecretStore
metadata:
  name: team-b-store
  namespace: team-b
spec:
  provider:
    aws:
      service: SecretsManager
      region: eu-central-1
      role: team-b
      sessionTagsPolicy: Custom
      customSessionTags:
        env: production
        team: platform
```

Session tags will include the three automatically added tags, plus `env=production` and `team=platform`.

> **NOTE:** Custom tags with empty keys or empty values are silently ignored. Built-in tags (`esoNamespace`, `esoStoreName`, `esoStoreKind`) always take precedence and cannot be overridden via `customSessionTags`.

Reviewer: I think this is not very clear for the reader.

```suggestion
**NOTE:** Custom tags with empty keys or empty values are silently ignored. Built-in tags (`esoNamespace`, `esoStoreName`, `esoStoreKind`) will always be included even when the sessionTagsPolicy is `Custom`. They cannot be removed via `customSessionTags`.
```

Author: I think this change is fine, except that I might want to leave the word "overridden" in place of "removed." Because it is true that they cannot be removed, but if you try not to remove but to add in different values in customSessionTags that won't change the values actually put in the tags.

Author: Although, since this PR has been approved, I'm inclined to open a separate document change PR after this work moves along, unless there's maintainer interest in me updating it as part of this PR.

Reviewer: Fine for me to do another PR for that doc change. But I can as well approve the change :)

Author: Oh, in that case, let me make that change right quick.

Author: I've updated the docs. Let me know if there are more changes you'd like to see, or if I should update with changes from the base branch.
